I've told you that the civil rights of
LGBT Americans is a hold on say not okay
you know what that guy no no no no no no
no no no no no no no no no no hey yeah
let listen you're my house
it's not you know what it's not it's not
respectful when you get invited to
somebody you're not you're not you're
not gonna you're not you you're not
going to get a good response from me by
interrupting me like this they I'm sorry
I'm sorry
yeah now no shame on you you shouldn't
be doing that we asked for this
personnel you can either stay and and be
quiet or we'll have to take you out all
right can we have this person removed
please come on come on come on now no
come on
come on guys
I'm just gonna wait till we get this
done
okay where was I
as a general rule I am just fine with a
few hecklers but not when I'm up in the
house
you know my my attitude is if if you're
if you're eating the hors d'oeuvres you
know
and drinking the booze
I know that's right anyway where was I I
love you back